Add info about supported currencies in payment gateways (#145)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/developer/extending/payment-gateways.mdx

All of the plugins method takes `previous_value` as a second argument.
More information about `previous_value` can be found [here](plugins#base-plugin-class).

> For gateway to work correctly you also need to specified `Supported currencies` in gateway configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a gateway to work correctly, you also need to specify `supported_currencies` in your gateway configuration.
```

#### `GatewayConfig`

| Name                   | Type   | Description                                                                                              |
| ---------------------- | ------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `gateway_name`         | `str`  | Define gateway name                                                                                      |
| `auto_capture`         | `bool` | Define if a gateway should also capture funds from the card. If false, payment should be only authorized |

> | `supported_currencies` | `str`  | Define currencies which are supported by gateway                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `supported_currencies` | `str`  | Define currencies which are supported by the gateway                                                     |
```
